Bald Honey Yak

High

# All tokens can be stolen from `VouchFaucet.sol`

## Summary
The `claimTokens` function of `VouchFaucet.sol` allows users to claim tokens from the contract as long as they have not claimed more tokens than `maxClaimable[token]`. The issue is that due to insufficient validation, any user can claim all of the contract's tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
The only validation performed in `claimTokens` is the following:
```solidity
 require(claimedTokens[token][msg.sender] <= maxClaimable[token], "amount>max");
```

There are several issues with this function. First of all, `claimedTokens` are never actually updated in the entire contract. Therefore, any address will always have a `claimedTokens[token]` equal to 0, no matter how much they have actually claimed. As a result, the function's validation will always get bypassed and any user will be able to drain all of the contract's tokens.
Furthermore, even if `claimedTokens` was updated correctly, it may still be insufficient as any address will still be able to claim a part of the contract's tokens, which is highly dangerous.

## Impact
All of the contract's funds are at risk of being stolen.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/7ffe43f68a1b8e8de1dfd9de5a4d89c90fd6f710/union-v2-contracts/contracts/peripheral/VouchFaucet.sol#L93-L97

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Only certain users, approved by the owner, should be able to claim tokens from the contract. Furthermore, `claimedTokens` should be updated whenever a claim is successfully made.