Proud Ash Moth

High

# Missing Array Length Check

## File Location
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/peripheral/ERC1155Voucher.sol#L121-L130

## Summary
The function _'onERC1155BatchReceived'_ does not check the length of the _'ids'_ and _'values'_ arrays. This may result in user operations not being executed completely due to a mismatch of the number of items iterated over with the number of items given in the second array.

## Vulnerability Detail
In lines 121 to 130, the function _'onERC1155BatchReceived'_ receives two arrays, namely _'ids'_ and _'values'_. However, there is no check whether the length of the two arrays is the same. If the lengths of the _'ids'_ and _'values'_ arrays are not the same, this may cause undesired behavior when this function is executed.

## Impact
- incomplete or inaccurate function execution
- loss of data
- inaccuracy of business processes
- potential exploitation by irresponsible parties
- loss for users

## Code Snippet
L121-L130
```solidity
    function onERC1155BatchReceived(
        address operator,
        address from,
        uint256[] calldata ids,
        uint256[] calldata values,
        bytes calldata data
    ) external returns (bytes4) {
        _vouchFor(from);
        return bytes4(keccak256("onERC1155BatchReceived(address,address,uint256[],uint256[],bytes)"));
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a check to ensure that the lengths of the _'ids'_ and _'values'_ arrays are the same before continuing to execute the function. If the array lengths are not the same, the function must revert the transaction to prevent further execution.
This is an example of a code modification with the addition of an array length check:
```solidity
function onERC1155BatchReceived(
    address operator,
    address from,
    uint256[] calldata ids,
    uint256[] calldata values,
    bytes calldata data
) external returns (bytes4) {
    require(ids.length == values.length, "ERC1155Voucher: ids and values array length mismatch");
    _vouchFor(from);
    return bytes4(keccak256("onERC1155BatchReceived(address,address,uint256[],uint256[],bytes)"));
}
```
By adding the code _'require(ids.length == values.length, "ERC1155Voucher: ids and values ​​array length mismatch");'_, the function will check whether the length of the two arrays is the same. Otherwise, the transaction will be rolled back with an appropriate error message.