Immense Clear Fox

Medium

# ERC20 `permit()` calls can be front-ran and user deposit tasks can be DoSed

## Summary

The `permit()` functionality which is used inside the market and user manager contracts, lacks protection against front-running attacks, which can lead to a denial of service (DoS) for user deposits.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `permit()` function verifies if the provided signature matches the owner or signer of the message but does not check who executes the `permit()`. Thus, Alice can grant a permit to Bob, but John could use it on behalf of Alice or Bob. While not inherently problematic, this becomes an issue in transaction call chains susceptible to front-running. If a permit call is front-ran, the transaction will revert because using an already utilized signature will fail.

The issue exists within the market and user manager contracts that enable the `permit()` feature, allowing users to perform important tasks like staking and borrow repayment using permits.

In the context of staking with a permit: (Staking among other tasks is selected for illustration)

1. Alice grants Bob permission to stake tokens on her behalf.
2. Bob calls `stakeWithERC20Permit()`, providing the permits, which calls `permit()` to execute the permit and complete the staking.

However, when Alice grants these permits to Bob and he tries to execute them, the signature details are exposed to the mempool. A malicious user can:

1. See the permit signature parameters provided by Bob.
2. Front-run the `stakeWithERC20Permit()` call, directly call ERC20 `permit()`, and use the signature.

Bob's attempt to stake on Alice's behalf would then fail because the signature he provided is already used, causing a revert when he reaches `permit()`.

For more information, refer to this [article](https://www.trust-security.xyz/post/permission-denied).

## Impact

The `permit()` function does not verify the executor's identity, enabling front-running attacks. Malicious users can exploit this by using exposed permit signatures from the mempool, causing legitimate transactions to revert. This can disrupt processes like staking with permits, leading to denial of service and wasted gas fees for users.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManagerERC20.sol#L19-L30
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManagerDAI.sol#L20-L33
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L703-L713
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UDai.sol#L9-L24
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UErc20.sol#L8-L22

## Proof of Concept

```Solidity
    function testRevert_SignatureReplay() public {
        SigUtils.Permit memory permit = SigUtils.Permit({
            owner: owner,
            spender: spender,
            value: 1e18,
            nonce: 0,
            deadline: 1 days
        });

        bytes32 digest = sigUtils.getTypedDataHash(permit);

        (uint8 v, bytes32 r, bytes32 s) = vm.sign(ownerPrivateKey, digest);

        token.permit(
            permit.owner,
            permit.spender,
            permit.value,
            permit.deadline,
            v,
            r,
            s
        );

        uint amount = 5e17;

        vm.expectRevert();
        userManager.stakeWithPermit(
            amount,
            permit.nonce,
            permit.deadline,
            v,
            r,
            s
        );
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Similar to the solution proposed in the linked article, wrap each `permit()` call in a `try/catch` block. This will prevent already granted permissions from causing the entire call chain to revert, allowing the transaction to proceed and use the granted allowance as intended.