Special Malachite Bobcat

Medium

# attacker can grief repayBorrowWithERC20Permit and stakeWithERC20Permit via permit front-running

### Summary

Potential griefing vector of `stakeWithERC20Permit` and `repayBorrowWithERC20Permit` having a pre-signed approval ('permit') signature attached
(e.g., no profit motive for an attacker but spoils UX for users of the protocol) by front-running the 'token.permit' calls with intercepted from mempool signatures.

[repayBorrowWithERC20Permit](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/market/UErc20.sol#L17)

[stakeWithERC20Permit](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManagerERC20.sol#L27)
### Root Cause

The `stakeWithERC20Permit` and `repayBorrowWithERC20Permit` functions integrate the permit feature to combine approval and transaction processes into a single step, streamlining operations by eliminating the need for two separate transactions.

ERC20Permit employs a nonce mapping for safeguarding against replay attacks. When a signature is validated and processed, the corresponding nonce is incremented, rendering the same signature unusable for subsequent transactions. Both the `stakeWithERC20Permit` and `repayBorrowWithERC20Permit` functions require users to authorize their tokens for use by the `UserManagerERC20` and `UErc20` contract addresses, respectively, as spenders. Users must submit these transactions along with their digital signatures—specified by `uint8 v, bytes32 r, bytes32 s`.


reference [lido permit issue](https://github.com/lidofinance/lido-dao/issues/803)

### Attack Path

```solidity
address owner = victim’s address
address spender = UserManagerERC20 contract address

uint256 amount = `amount` replicated from the pending transaction
uint256 deadline = `deadline` replicated from the pending transaction
uint8 v = `v` replicated from the pending transaction
bytes32 r = `r` replicated from the pending transaction
bytes32 s = `s` replicated from the pending transaction
```

This valid signature is accepted by the token contract, which then updates the nonce accordingly. As a result, when the original user transaction attempts to process, it fails due to the already updated nonce.

### Impact

When a user’s transaction resides in the mempool awaiting confirmation, an attacker could potentially exploit this by using the observed signature to preemptively execute the `token.permit` function with the publicly available parameters.

### Mitigation

```solidity
function trustlessPermit(
        address token,
        address owner,
        address spender,
        uint256 value,
        uint256 deadline,
        uint8 v,
        bytes32 r,
        bytes32 s
    ) internal {
        // Try permit() before allowance check to advance nonce if possible
        try IERC20Permit(token).permit(owner, spender, value, deadline, v, r, s) {
            return;
        } catch {
            // Permit potentially got frontran. Continue anyways if allowance is sufficient.
            if (IERC20(token).allowance(owner, spender) >= value) {
                return;
            }
        }
        revert("Permit failure");
    }
```

[reference](https://github.com/trust1995/trustlessPermit/tree/main)

