Chilly Bone Hare

Medium

# Potential for Users to Get Tokens Stuck in AaveV3Adapter Contract

## Summary
The `AaveV3Adapter` contract has a vulnerability where users can mistakenly send tokens to the contract address. These tokens can become stuck and be incorrectly included in the supply calculations. This can cause accounting errors and potential loss of user funds.
## Vulnerability Detail
The contract does not have a mechanism to recover tokens that are mistakenly sent to the contract address. If tokens are sent directly to the contract, they may be counted in the supply calculations, leading to inaccurate reporting and potential fund loss.
## Impact
Users can mistakenly send tokens to the contract, causing these tokens to be stuck and unusable. This can lead to accounting errors in the total supply of tokens and potential loss of funds for users who accidentally send tokens to the contract.
## Code Snippet
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AaveV3Adapter.sol#L1)
No code snippet. 
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this issue, implement a recoverToken function that allows the admin to recover mistakenly sent tokens. This function should ensure that tokens can be transferred out of the contract to a specified address, without affecting the internal balances and supply calculations.
An example: 
```solidity
   /**
     * @dev The number of Aave/Spark aToken shares are tracked manually rather than relying on
     * balanceOf
     */
    uint256 private _aTokenShares;


function recoverToken(address token, address to, uint256 amount) external onlyAdmin {
    emit CommonEventsAndErrors.TokenRecovered(to, token, amount);
    IERC20Upgradeable(token).safeTransfer(to, amount);

    if (token == address(aaveAToken)) {
        // Ensure there are still enough aToken shares to cover the internally tracked balance
        uint256 _sharesAfter = aaveAToken.scaledBalanceOf(address(this));
        if (_aTokenShares > _sharesAfter) {
            revert ();
        }
    }
}
```