Atomic Hickory Chicken

Medium

# Storage Variable Caching in Memory Optimization

## Summary

The issue pertains to the inefficient handling of state variable accesses within the **_acceptAdmin function_** of the **Controller** contract. This inefficiency leads to higher gas consumption due to repeated SLOAD operations, which are costly in terms of transaction fees.

## Vulnerability Detail

The root cause of this inefficiency lies in the repeated retrieval of the **pendingAdmin** state variable's value within the acceptAdmin function. Each invocation of a state variable necessitates a SLOAD operation, which, although initially inexpensive, escalates in cost with subsequent accesses. This escalation is attributed to the EVM's caching strategy, which incurs significant overhead beyond the first access).


## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is twofold:

1. Increased Transaction Fees: Users calling the **acceptAdmin** function will pay higher transaction fees due to the increased gas consumption.
2. Reduced Scalability: The higher gas cost per transaction can limit the scalability of the contract, potentially discouraging its adoption.


## Code Snippet

Before Optimization:

      
         function acceptAdmin() external {
                if (pendingAdmin != msg.sender) revert SenderNotPendingAdmin();
               admin = pendingAdmin;
         }
      
After Optimization:
    
       
      function acceptAdmin() external {
         // Cache the value of `pendingAdmin` in memory
          address pendingAdminMemory = pendingAdmin;

        // Use the cached value for comparison and assignment
        if (pendingAdminMemory != msg.sender) revert SenderNotPendingAdmin();
        admin = pendingAdminMemory;
        }

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Caching in Memory: By caching the value of pendingAdmin in a local memory variable named pendingAdminMemory, we ensure that subsequent uses of pendingAdmin within the function refer to this cached value. This avoids the costly SLOAD operation for every access, which can significantly save gas, especially in functions called frequently.

2. Gas Efficiency: Leveraging memory for frequent variable accesses, rather than relying solely on storage, is a critical optimization technique. This approach minimizes the reliance on SLOAD operations, which are notably more expensive than memory accesses (MLOAD/MSTORE), thereby enhancing the contract's overall gas efficiency.

