Proud Ash Moth

High

# Centralization Risk for Trusted Owners

## File
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L363
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L378
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L389
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L400
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L413
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L419
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L424
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L572

## Summary
Having one Externally Owned Account (EOA) as the sole contract owner is a major centralization risk and a single point of failure. If a single private key is hacked or the sole holder of the key becomes unable to access the key, the contract will become vulnerable. It is recommended to replace this setting with a multi-signature setting or a role-based authorization model.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the _'UserManager.sol'_ file, there are several functions that can only be called by the sole owner who is _'onlyAdmin'_. These functions include setting various important parameters and adding new members.

## Impact
- Centralization Risk: If a single owner's account is hacked, the attacker will gain full control of the contract and can change critical parameters or add new members without permission.
- Single Point of Failure: If the key holder becomes unable to access the key (for example, loses the key or the key is stolen), there is no way to manage the contract further, which can cause a major disruption in the system.

## Code Snippet
L363
    `function setMaxStakeAmount(uint96 maxStakeAmount_) external onlyAdmin {`

L378
   ` function setUToken(address uToken_) external onlyAdmin {
`

L389
    `function setNewMemberFee(uint256 amount) external onlyAdmin {`

L400
    `function setMaxOverdueTime(uint256 _maxOverdueTime) external onlyAdmin {
`

L413
    `function setEffectiveCount(uint256 _effectiveCount) external onlyAdmin {`

L419
    `function setMaxVouchers(uint256 _maxVouchers) external onlyAdmin {`

L424
    `function setMaxVouchees(uint256 _maxVouchees) external onlyAdmin {`

L572
    `function addMember(address account) external onlyAdmin {`

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Using Multi-Signature Wallet: Replace single owners with multi-signature wallets. These wallets require approval from multiple key holders to execute transactions, thereby reducing the risk of centralization.
2. Role-Based Authorization Model: Implement a role-based authorization model where multiple accounts have different access rights. For example, some admins can have the right to change certain parameters, while others can add new members.