Stale Blood Iguana

Medium

# Use `_disableInitializers()` to prevent front-running on the initialize function

## Summary
Uninitialized implementation in contract can be taken over by an attacker with initialize function.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to OZ’S [guideline](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable#initializing_the_implementation_contract) for protection of initialize function with `_disableInitializers()` method, implementation contracts should not remain uninitialized. Uninitialized contract can lead to attack where a malicious attacker can take over control of contract.

Here is the link to the respective communication with OpenZeppelin staff:
https://forum.openzeppelin.com/t/what-does-disableinitializers-function-mean/28730/7


## Impact

The uninitialized implementation contract is not totally safe against an eventual takeover by an attacker even if `_init()` function in  use `initializer` modifier.

The contacts(e.g PureTokenAdapter.sol, AssetManager.sol, AaveV3Adapter.sol)  is `Upgradeable` but does not have constructor which makes call to the `_disableInitializers` to have protection from implementation initialized to any version.

Ensure prevention of initialization by an attacker which will have a direct impact on the contract as the implementation contract’s constructor should have `_disableInitializers()` method .

## POC

1. Proxy & Implementation are deployed.
2. The Proxy delegates calls to `Implementation.__AssetManager_init()` which sets the owner and switches initialized to true in the state of the Proxy.
3. The storage of Implementation however is still intact, e.g owner is unset and initialized is false.
4. An attacker calls `__AssetManager_init()` directly on Implementation and sets himself as the owner.
5. From here, he has full control to perform any malicious activities.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AssetManager.sol#L109-L113

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AaveV3Adapter.sol#L67-L77

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/PureTokenAdapter.sol#L36-L39

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Invoke `_disableInitializers` in constructor:

```solidity
contract AssetManager is Controller, ReentrancyGuardUpgradeable, IAssetManager {
+   constructor{
+       _disableInitializers()
+   }
    //...
}
```
