Real Burlap Alligator

High

# If there are no assets available during deposit, the user will receive fewer tokens than they deserve when withdrawing

### Summary

The vulnerability occurs in the token staking/unstaking proces. This vulnerability can lead to users receiving fewer tokens than they should when unstaking, resulting in a loss of funds. The issue arises from a combination of failed deposits due to the disable of the market from the 3rd party market contract and the way the unstaking process handles token withdrawals from different sources.

### Root Cause

The root cause of this vulnerability is a logical error in the calculation of the `remaining` value during the unstaking process, specifically in the [`AssetManager::withdraw()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AssetManager.sol#L335) function. When there are tokens in the contract that were not successfully deposited (due to market conditions, which can be caused by the 3rd party market contract), the function incorrectly reduces the `remaining` value after transferring these tokens.

This leads to an incorrect calculation of the remaining tokens to be withdrawn, resulting in users receiving fewer tokens than they should.

### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

1. User calls [`UserManager::stake()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L738) with 5e18 tokens, but the deposit fails to register in the supported market because is disabled for some reason.

2. The 5e18 tokens remain in the contract, available for withdrawal.

3. User has a previous successful stake of 10e18 tokens.

4. User initiates an unstake of their total balance (10e18 tokens) by calling [`UserManager::unstake()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L767).

5. [`AssetManager::withdraw()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AssetManager.sol#L335) is then called to process the token withdrawal.

6. In [`AssetManager::withdraw()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AssetManager.sol#L335), the function first sets `remaining` to `amount`(10e18), after that it checks if there are tokens directly in the contract (selfBalance). It finds 5e18 tokens:

```solidity
uint256 remaining = amount; //10e18

// If there are tokens in Asset Manager then transfer them on priority
uint256 selfBalance = IERC20Upgradeable(token).balanceOf(address(this));
```

7. As `selfBalance` is > 0 and < `remaining` the function sets `withdrawAmount` to `selfBalance`(5e18):

```solidity
uint256 selfBalance = IERC20Upgradeable(token).balanceOf(address(this));
        if (selfBalance > 0) {
            uint256 withdrawAmount = selfBalance < remaining ? selfBalance : remaining;
```

8. `withdrawAmount`(5e18) is substracted from `remaining`, so now remaining is 5e18 instead of 10e18:

```solidity
remaining -= withdrawAmount; 
```

9. The withdrawAmount(5e18) is transferred to the user:

```solidity
IERC20Upgradeable(token).safeTransfer(account, withdrawAmount);
```

10. The function then checks if the market is supported and calculates the available supply:

```solidity
if (isMarketSupported(token)) {
            uint256 withdrawSeqLength = withdrawSeq.length;
            // iterate markets according to defined sequence and withdraw
            for (uint256 i = 0; i < withdrawSeqLength && remaining > 0; i++) {
                IMoneyMarketAdapter moneyMarket = withdrawSeq[i];
                if (!moneyMarket.supportsToken(token)) continue;

                uint256 supply = moneyMarket.getSupply(token);
```

11.  As `remaining` is < `supply`, `withdrawAmount` is set to `remaining`, which is now 5e18 due to the incorrect reduction:

```solidity
uint256 withdrawAmount = supply < remaining ? supply : remaining;
```

12. The final 5e18 tokens are withdrawn from the supported market and transferred to the user:

```solidity
if (moneyMarket.withdraw(token, account, withdrawAmount)) {
                    remaining -= withdrawAmount;
                }
```

13. [`UserManager::unstake()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/user/UserManager.sol#L767) completes, having transferred only 10e18 tokens to the user instead of the expected 15e18.

This attack path demonstrates how the specific function calls and their internal logic lead to the vulnerability, resulting in the user receiving fewer tokens than they should during the unstaking process.

### Impact

The flaw in the  [`AssetManager::withdraw()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AssetManager.sol#L335) function, leads to an incorrect calculation of the remaining tokens to be withdrawn, resulting in users receiving fewer tokens than they should.

### PoC

Check **Attack Path**

### Mitigation

Don't substract `withdrawAmount` from `remaining` in the [`AssetManager::withdraw()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/asset/AssetManager.sol#L335) function.