Bouncy Chili Wasp

High

# Due to Lack of Access Control in `stake()` Function of Peripheral Contract an Attacker can locks funds forever

## Summary
The `VouchFaucet` and `ERC1155Voucher` contract's `stake()` function lacks access control, allowing any external account to call it. This vulnerability can be exploited by attackers to stake the contract’s funds without permission, disrupting the contract’s intended functionality.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `stake()` function does not restrict access to authorized accounts, meaning anyone can call this function. 

```solidity
    function stake() external {
        address stakingToken = STAKING_TOKEN;
        uint256 balance = IERC20(stakingToken).balanceOf(address(this));
        IUserManager(USER_MANAGER).stake(uint96(balance));
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/peripheral/VouchFaucet.sol#L104C5-L108C6

```solidity
    function stake() external {
        uint256 balance = IERC20(STAKING_TOKEN).balanceOf(address(this));
        IUserManager(USER_MANAGER).stake(uint96(balance));
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/peripheral/ERC1155Voucher.sol#L144C5-L147C6

An attacker can monitor the contract for any incoming funds (either by running a bot to watch the balance, or back running `exit()` or front running `transferERC20()/claimTokens()`) and immediately call the `stake()` function to stake the balance into the `userManager` contract. This action can prevent the owner from managing the funds as intended.

Additionally, an attacker can front-run the `transferERC20()/claimTokens()` function call by moving funds to staking, which would cause the `transferERC20()/claimTokens()` function to fail and potentially lock the funds forever.

## Impact
- **Unauthorized Staking:** Attackers can stake the contract’s funds into the `userManager` contract without permission.
- **Denial of Service:** The owner may be unable to manage the funds effectively due to unauthorized staking actions by attackers.
- **Locked Funds:** An attacker can front-run `transferERC20()/claimTokens()` calls, causing these transactions to fail and potentially attacker can lock the funds forever.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/peripheral/VouchFaucet.sol#L104C5-L108C6
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-union-finance-update-2/blob/main/union-v2-contracts/contracts/peripheral/ERC1155Voucher.sol#L144C5-L147C6

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement access control for the `stake()` function by adding the `onlyOwner` modifier. This ensures that only the contract owner can call the `stake()` function, preventing unauthorized access and potential attacks.